starman is an alien. [thread]

as i been listening to a classic song 
starman by David Bowie,

here's how the thoughts flowed.

the one above us,
which we say god (with hundreds of types)
is essentially an alien.

yes, the one above us is powerful.
no wonder we feel so entitled to be special
for being evolved life,
unless its the courtesy of up above.

they more likely to possess power to
either make or break with us,
those, who cracked the cosmos travel,
would visit earth, 
might not for invasion
but rather seek knowledge of us,
about the world around us.
for them, being advanced civic than us,
earth’s finite resources and primitive tech might not be the agenda.
well, only time shall say.

as plain as ‘alien’ movie might be, 
it perfectly describes how pivotal communication element is.

i wonder how united we stand -
the only circumstance i could think of -
that could assimilate world wars 
and behold unity wars,
against common alien threat,
unless we already in ‘the matrix’.

if our AGI,
in its truest definition,
would be functional in coming decade,
keep your sci-fi novels/movies close.

with industrial revolution - physical labour down,
we adapted around it but
gymming and physical fitness we still do -
for our own sanity.
in similar lines, mental labour would undergo paradigm shift.
(not just software jobs, the general automation across industries)

thinking thirst gonna grow.
there are plenty of distractions already,
but engaging ones are always in the hunt.
i bet games gonna grow to have bigger audiences.
be it enjoyment or fight, 
people get plenty of time for engagement.


freedom of time - which if available to us via AGI (if so),
could bring easier lifestyle (facility now vs hunterer era)
But it in no way could resolve/flatten
the intra-human hierarchy structures.
that game gonna remain - irrespective of how good you are.

privileage to think and do in free-spirit sense
of what our curiosity drives,
is more often comfort that settled people enjoy.
it takes huge chunk of lifetime for majority of us,
and end up in standard paradox.
CAP : DistributedDatabases :: TEM : Life
(time-energy-money)

keep attic ready.
stare the sky now&then.
we are living in exciting times (this decade)

PS: song might be interpreted as hope from our god(s),
i rather render reference to alien civic.